c:\users\цифроваякомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\bin\Debug\Finaly.exe.config
c:\users\цифроваякомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\bin\Debug\Finaly.exe
c:\users\цифроваякомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\bin\Debug\Finaly.pdb
c:\users\цифроваякомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\цифроваякомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\цифроваякомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\цифроваякомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\цифроваякомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\obj\Debug\Finaly.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\цифроваякомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\obj\Debug\Finaly.Main_form.resources
c:\users\цифроваякомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\obj\Debug\Finaly.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\цифроваякомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\obj\Debug\Finaly.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\цифроваякомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\obj\Debug\Finaly.exe
c:\users\цифроваякомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\obj\Debug\Finaly.pdb
c:\users\цифроваякомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\obj\Debug\Finaly.add_deal.resources
C:\Users\ЦифроваяКомпания\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\obj\Debug\Finaly.add_card.resources
C:\Users\ЦифроваяКомпания\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\obj\Debug\Finaly.add_product.resources
C:\Users\ЦифроваяКомпания\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\obj\Debug\Finaly.add_station.resources
C:\Users\ЦифроваяКомпания\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\obj\Debug\Finaly.edit_card.resources
C:\Users\ЦифроваяКомпания\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\obj\Debug\Finaly.edit_product.resources
C:\Users\ЦифроваяКомпания\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\obj\Debug\Finaly.edit_station.resources
C:\Users\ЦифроваяКомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\bin\Debug\GASDATA.mdf
C:\Users\ЦифроваяКомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\bin\Debug\GASDATA_log.ldf
C:\Users\ЦифроваяКомпания\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Finaly\Finaly\obj\Debug\Finaly.admin_activate.resources
